we're heading to Lugano 134 kilometres
only bit of a lumpy one destined to be
we think one for the sprinters or maybe
some of the tough guys with some of
those little Peaks towards the end it's
very different from the day we had
yesterday back here at Kaiser and balot
oh I love an early break give you Kaiser
he's used to going very long but maybe
just a little bit too long today
that's pilato just coming through this
kom only third category no real impact
on the blue jersey competition and a
date and the only real test of the Dame
as far as climbing was concerned on I
think everyone deserved that frankly
after the efforts that they're engaged
on the previous days in terms of general
classification after that shake up
yesterday certainly does seem like it's
gone very much in the favor of Alberto
Contador however two competitions are
still very much up for grabs say the
pointa competition is more to handle
equal points and also the mountains
competition cries wife went into that
yes
right right
this is the battle for points red
jerseys a ton for graphs and sky leading
Viviani into this he wants those extra
points he wants a bit of a cushion
frankly because he's aware that when it
comes to the spread line proper at the
end of the day then it may well hand
over that jersey and this is a bit of
insurance he's just bought himself you
know dad is going to spin down very very
quickly indeed lot of riders with
options today we've no idea is going to
win it may not be a pure out-and-out
sprinter we're going to find out
bandiera Vallarta and Kaiser 32.8 kill
needs to go and the still got just under
a finish but you can see the legs
started to chug the shoulders are going
down they may well clump fairly soon
it's a thankless task to be a part of
the breakaway on a day like this
here goes Tommy others like that he's
decided that enough to knock this is the
chance for him and he's got a road
slang that can deliver on from this kind
of distance and that looks like Phillips
you're very picky enough he sees the
danger he comes down the side of the
line he goes into the tunnel into this
one
you pick so much to choose from
this is amazing absolutely superb piece
of work on that frame arena what a day
what a drive what a result we love that
the dolo takes the day lamprey Marina
timing it beautifully the three
principal favors at the top of the day
to live in predominance although mess
gets